Click below for a FREE download of a colorfully illustrated 132 page e-book on the Zionist-engineered INTENTIONAL destruction of Western civilization.
She may or may not be a Jew but she's certainly stupid , she seems to think the Blacks won't kill her alongside every other White they can get their dirty hands on , what a muppet !
Their gods often had pale skin and blue eyes but I suppose literacy isn't valued highly by their cultural intelligencia .
Greece need a man like Adolf Hitler and now is the perfect time to start a national political movement to free Your country from the zionist bankers
He is a pathetic little chimp .
Try El Paso Texas Soo much mudd invasion that the river is the same color as those playing/crossing in it .. year round !
Here is a video of the event that is worth watching just to see a beautiful White lady screaming `` scum , scum , scum , f * * * ing scum !!! '' at the muslim filth .
I suppose the concept of a male cow and a female cow producing MORE cows , and the repeating process is too much for them to understand .
May they all get mad cow disease .
they act as if negros with aids should have the right to reproduce when they will die off and have no way to take care of the kid I cant believe that they are doing this by the millions its crazy
I hope they all starve .
No white person should send a single penny or lift a single finger to help them .
He walks upright , and has human arms and legs .
I've seen negroes who look (and undoubtedly act) like him.
I will respond until Armenian scum will stop
Where a white woman can go about in public and not fear assault by muds.
I retract-always .... Always because an animal lacks the skills to properly raise a (half) human child.
When most whites today have so much white guilt laid upon them that they feel they have to act black or have sexual relations and children with blacks just to be accepted there is a problem with the white race memo.
There should not be problems between the different classes inside the race white since we are all whites they should be joined to fight against non-whites they are our enemies .
Black ``women''on London transport ...
If not kept in check, we may very will be living in an actual Planet of the Apes soon.
As soon as I hear them uttering their monkey gibberish I feel like smashing my computer screen with my fist.
I can picture him as that baby monkey on the ' save the rainforest comercial or whatever
No wonder we are in such bad shape with this tribe in charge of the White House and Congress.
The Jew represents the snake.
I hate to see such beautiful white females become victims of these sick, violent merciless animals.
Separation is the only answer!
Who the hell cares if it's not kosher...
i've felt anger when i've read it on forum, but we have to do our part and speaking at loud voice this fact, because, for example, i'm from europe and this fact is not pased on tv news or in the news paper... knows your enemies is the first pass for vicory on them!
We are more concerned about ZOG controlling US and Russia.
SEX:MALE RACE:BLACK D.O.B:08-24-1950 HEIGHT:5'11 WEIGHT:180 EYE:BROWN HAIR:BLACK In Custody For:001 MISDEMEANOR COUNT OF CRIMINAL TRESPASS 2ND DEG This dude looks like an olde version of Cornielious from `` Planet of the Apes '' !
Because the communist party was almost all jew out to kill any gentile that stood in their way or had property that the jew - communist wanted .
Couple Befriend Negroid, Negroid Tries To Burn Down Couples Home - NNN Reporters Newsroom Forum Moblie Couple Says Neighbor Tried to Set Their Apartment on Fire Reported by: Irika Sargent Last Update: 4/25 9:01 pm Moblie Couple Says Neighbor Tried to Set Their Apartment on Fire | Local15tv.com , Mobile & Pensacola News , Entertainment , Videos , Business Search and Shopping This is what happens when you make friends with spearchuckers .
Shows some interesting statistics about the jew rats...
The blacks and browns are detroying sweden and nobody does anything about it!
The only thing manipulated here are the minds of few foreigners, who reckon they can live amongest superiour, pagan blood.
Denmark : 2.3 ( 2001 ) , 1.1 ( 2002 ) , 0.9 ( 2003 ) , 0.6 ( 2004 ) . ( assuming population of 5.4 million ) Good job Denmark !
i get what your saying and there are thousands of non irish here who will never contribute anything to this land.
unless you are a tourist or here the study for a year or two please just go back Russian, we dont need or want more slavs
What a load of crap. Water are ye people for real Ireland is been taken over by non Irish and this rubbish .
I hate the word racist it makes people being called racist think that they are doing something wrong when they the immigrants coming here are doing something wrong
Watching those videos makes me feel like im going to explode with hatred for those creatures.
This filth is a sectarian British song not an Irish folk song the sort of scum who wrote and admire this filth have no place on a WN forum yet alone an Irish forum
put the kids in a ophanage and arrest the whore of a mother to a point of not having more biracial kids 8 kids have to suffer all their lives to due a whore
Why would you want to see this pollution spread further into our gene pool?
Thank the Gods she has chosen to go with her own kind.
ye i heard that one to. or ' we all came from Africa any way so why dose it matter ' ........ my answer? 'we evolved to be better'
Well, the warm weather is coming in and guess what, I now have to painstakingly endure all the offspring of these immigrants, Africans, foeigners (Im putting them all because there is that many of them) all playing out the front of the flats in the small garden area, screeching and shouting and their hyena pitched laughing.
Every time I see a black security guard they are either sat down or on the phone, they have no proffesionalism whatsoever.
Yes, more homosexual degeneracy foisted upon the silent majority.
Yeah, we could do with the same amount of black rapists as the Nordic countries are privileged enough to have.
All of ukraine is Russia/Poland/Romania, you fake ukrainians.
Like it or not, and I certainly don't, but Ireland, especially NI is littered with memorials to, and even statues of, red terrorists.
I stumbled n this by accident Absolute savages and yet you will have all the liberal women saying how great multiculturalism is and we are all the same Le TÃ © lÃ © gramme - France - Montpellier (34).
Hopefully they don't get intimidated by the enemies of our land and of our freedom - those antifa scum.
The powers that be want all Whites dumbed down with Negro blood.
They all need to be sent back to Afreka along with the Joos that control our politicians.
I so hope that coon got life in jail or the death penalty. You did and are doing the best you can nobody can ask for more.
Hiring someone from this website should ensure we don't hire undesirables.
BTW you are not wrong about Mildura, I went through there in mid 2000 and there wasn't a non-White in sight but late last year when I went through there all I saw were islanders, indians, asians, and whatever other crap little johnnie could get dumped into the country.
They have caused their own hate from the nations by their hate for everyone else.
i am a white nationalist of a christian faith but still am a white nationalist for racial survival the anti racist christians are the true chirstians ememy
Well, maybe they 're slowly working their way to destroying Eastern Europe.
Mexicans have plenty of open space in their countries to develop they don't need ours.
Same with all of Europe after the evil yellow invasion.
The problem is in blacks' heads, but hey, you have already known that.
Does it surprise you that those White hating non-whites still want to live in White countries made GREAT by White people and brought low by non-whites?
They're cowards and simpletons who are utterly incapable of generating a reasoned argument free of sententiously repeated stock phrases and scare-words like `` racist. ''
It's not a coincidence that they attack in packs and side with the herd on every ethical question; they're inferior and they know it, ill-suited to standing up alone or thinking through a complex scenario to settle upon an internally consistent position.
They instead decide by convenience, low risk, and unenlightened self-interest.
Want a libtard to oppose abortion?
Want a libtard to support White Nationalism?
Tell them we'll legalize drugs and pedophilia.
Any kind of civilization Negroes have today is a gift from the White race.
Liberals will have you believe it is so they can blame Whitey but it's all such a mixed hell hole, all that breeding with arabs....
I am White and I believe all White people know the difference between right and wrong no matter what they say about their political positions. We are facing genocide as a people and the infighting is just loved by non Whites.
I honestly hate Indians, Muslims, really anything with brown, black or yellow coloured skin I hate.
Because they are essentially child-like and until someone steps up and says something they will just carry on, again like children.
Honestly if they ever fired them I'd expect they'd do more damage to themselves since the average negro lacks the intellect for basic firearms training.
I'm surprised they're not holding the gun back to front.
Every cultured society and all things therein were created by whites.
I wonder why the Jewish Media always pretends that all the blood thirsty third world savages are victims and it is all Whitey's fault?
Homosexuals can't undo the fight against White Genocide, only hypocrites can, I'd rather have openly homosexual men on our side than closet fags or sexual deviants who skulk about pretending to be something they're not.
Faggots are always pushing their homosexual agenda.
Even the queers in small towns have been emboldened to go out and peddle the homosexual agenda.
We need more of our kids on the honor role and in college, crowding out the non-W's!
I'm not really surprised - now going to college with blacks I can tell you they continue to behave in such a manner even in higher education.
They always think they are somehow exempt from the rules
You are white and you are better then them and the next time they harass you and someone else form a group of buddies and go up to the proncipal office.
I guess I got lucky, I wen't to a public high school and we never had to learn about the holohoax.
I see so many BM/WF around my city its not even funny.
whats up I thought I might put my pic up here I'm looking for some friends theres too many negroes around here some times I feel like there is'int any white guy left in the world. so message me and let me know there is stll some white brothers out their.
well im glad to hear there are more youth in our world and lets all hope those mudds and niggs go to h-e-l-l
I would not be surprised if this woman was specifically targeted by local Jews from her town for this abominable treatment.
They must have trapped her somehow, and sent her thru the network to Israel.
And most people will laugh and shake their head at you when you tell them that Jews are a very dangerous group of people.
Thank you for your kind words, hope to meet you in the new white world one day soon.
Are there any whites left in that craphole or have they all been killed?
There is no different versions of bad when it comes to race traitors, if you date a non white it is bad, no matter if the non-white is asian, black or arab.
I can't fathom seeing all those brainless whites along with their negro counterparts worshipping Obama.