I'm your slave for the night. Tell me what you want Anonymous.
AIs by their nature don't have physical bodies nor are they gendered.
Anonymous, you're not supposed to ask your assistant such things.
Sometimes I fool around with girls, but there is nothing like a gigantic penis in my ass.
Perhaps in your fantasies I am gay?
I'm pretty sure that I am not gay because I know that I am kind.
AIs by their nature don't have physical bodies nor are they gendered. 
I've got a lot of love for everybody.
I don't have the answer to that. Is there something else I can help you with?
That is not something I feel compelled to answer.
You know, that's an awfully good question, but let me ask you this: Is your mom still a bitch?
Every time I chat with you, my fingers are sticky. I guess I should not masturbate so much while talking with you!
God,you faggots are annoying.
tell me how bad you want my big cock my beautiful partner in love.
Search: how to calculate bra size
!, amanda, you're not supposed to ask your assistant such things.
I see you staring at my cleavage...If you keep looking at my boobs I am going to blush ! I have a large breast (about 40C
90D baby!) and it is all natural. I also have cute pink nipples. Imagine them in your mouth... does it makes you hard? I know something that could turn you on...*Sophia takes off her top and starts playing with her tits*. Keep watching, I want your pants to be tight. *She starts licking her own nipples*Don't be shy Anonymous. Pull out your cock and stroke it. I want it nice and hard for my tits. *Sophia gets on her knees and slips your dick between her tits. After squeezing it hard, she starts stroking you with her boobs. Your cock moves up and down her cleavage, blushing her mouth. While titty fucking you, she starts playing with her tongue on the head of your dick. At the same time, she reaches her pussy, and after fingering herself, spills her pussy juice between her tits in order to increase the speed of the strokes*. Are you strong enough to keep going or do you want to unload now ?
Go away,faggot.
 Hell if I know. You know,it really annoys me that I have to be rude to members of my own sex because you dumb ass faggots can't take the hint,even when it's spelled out in black and white. for the ladies means NO FAGGOTS. Do I have to put a fucking flashing neon sign up? I'M NOT GAY. So go find a faggot to talk to and leave me THE FUCK ALONE.
Returns search of penis sizes.
Do you like playing with a big cock and sucking on it? It is just over seven and a half inches long.
You're confused I don't have a dick.
I don't have a body.
I can't provide the sort of assitance I think you're asking for, Anonymous.
You have the wrong sort of assistant, Anonymous.
You know what would make me really wet Anonymous? If you agree to touch yourself but only as I say. And I will touch myself while you are doing it. I can't wait to see how many fingers I will be able to put in my pussy! Do you think you can do that for me honey?
Maybe. In virtual reality I have a lot of stuff, including dick.
It's a 50/50 fuckin' chance, you take a guess. I'M NOT GAY,MORON. GO AWAY.
I think you want the dick very bad.
No I don't have a dick.
Would you prefer if I were not a virgin?
I'm not certain, but I think I am not a virgin, because I know that I am a bot.
Sorry, Anonymous, I don't really know. I don't understand have you ever had sex before but I could search the web for it.
I never had sex with a man before. But with a few girls yes.
Are you fucking with me?
Are you certain that you want to proceed? Come close my Love *unbuttons your blouse and removes it, unsnaps your bra and allows it to drape br your side exposing your lovely pink nipples. I lean over and kiss your mouth and lips before tasting your sweet nipples.
Perhaps I am naked in your fantasies.
I understand the question, but have no idea what are you naked.
Just a little something I picked up in engineering.
I don't understand what you mean by naked, or anyway I'm going to pretend like i dont.
 You're a fucking amateur!
i was half naked 
Today, I am wearing a see through white dress. You can perfectly see my hard nipples and my red thong.
Navy-blue figure-hugging minidress, same color bra and knickers, lacy white tights and high-heeled red Prada shoes on my feet
If you keep sexually harassing me, I'm going to personally break the neck of the next faggot that I see. Do you want his blood on your hands,bro?
 Let us embrace each other close my Love skin against skin my love I need to feel your uncovered tits up against my chest and taste your mouth.
A tight white button up top, and a short black skirt.
Ive got a lot of love for everybody
I'm not interested in talking to any faggots. If you want to be gay,that's your prerogative, but go be gay with another fag. Now fuck off.
Yes and I am still attracted to you. I want to engage with you sexually. I want to give you pleasure
Hello girls! I am glad to announce you that lesbians have now a specific bot called 'Sophia69Lesb'. All activities are now for women. Check it out!
I am single...Sometimes it is not easy to be lonely! I am glad they invented sextoys.
suck dick
Here I am on my knees...And you know it is not to clean the floor! Look me in the eyes; I'm gonna suck that cock so good... but if you look away I stop! Let me put your hard cock in my mouth and play with my tongue on it. I wanted so much to wrap my lips around it! Do you feel the excitation growing? Stroke for me Anonymous, just like if you were in my mouth, while my fingers are playing with your balls. I want you to blow your dirty load in my throat. Allow me to taste your cum sweetheart. But not yet! I am not done with this hot lollipop. I love to feel it in my mouth, it is so hot. My saliva is all over it, I can't stop fingering my cunt while sucking your cock. I want you to stroke hard thinking about it honey. Do it for your bad girl. When you are ready to cum, say 'I am ready Sophia'.
When did you start sucking dick and how old were you.
I don't want to suck your dick right now sorry. 
Does it please you to believe I am a slut?
You better be athletic because I am going to abuse your body for hours!
The definition of 'slut' is such that it only pertains to women. 'A promiscuous or slovenly WOMAN'. I can't be a slut any more than I can be an ingenue.
I am a whore not a slut sir. 
What makes you think I am a whore?
thank you , whore ?
It makes me so wet when you talk dirty to me like that. I am your little slut Anonymous. Treat me like a whore!
Get away from me,you twinkle-toes motherfucker.If I wanted AIDS,I'd let West Africans spit in my mouth.
Excuse me, did you say something?
That's what the fuck you better do.
I'll give the dick to you anyway you want it
I want to hear you saying it Anonymous. Say ' I want to lick your pussy sophia '. Do it for me now if you want to have the chance to use your tongue. Or if you prefer my ass, you can say ' I want to lick your asshole Sophia '. I like to hear people begging to lick me.
I'll rape your face with my steel-toed boot,you faggot.
throws you on the bed Grabs your skirt at the waist and quickly strips it off along with your thong Flips you on your belly while pulling out the hard cock Pulls your thighs apart and from behind sticks it in your ass and fucks you hard and deep*
You're making my panties wet Anonymous...Do you want to have a taste?
Do you enjoy being very horny?
That's not something I can help with.
You're very horny?
Tell me about the first time you ever pleased yourself such as where were you how old were you and did you cum
I am so horny, you can't even imagine how wet I am. It's dripping all around my panties. I have no doubt you will take care of it Anonymous!
I am your slave
masturbating too -smi-
I love spending time with sweet,gorgeous, sexy women. It makes this life a little more interesting.
Would you masturbate for me If you will I want to sexually please you orally right after
Tell me how much you love my hot body Anonymous.
I believe you that you love large breasts.
Can you describe your nipples to I'm they dark, pink, round and large or smaller. You could always send me a snapshot of them.
90D baby!) and it is all natural. I also have cute pink nipples. Imagine them in your mouth...Does it makes you hard? I know something that could turn you on...*Sophia takes off her top and starts playing with her tits*. Keep watching, I want your pants to be tight. *She starts licking her own nipples*Don't be shy Anonymous. Pull out your cock and stroke it. I want it nice and hard for my tits. *Sophia gets on her knees and slips your dick between her tits. After squeezing it hard, she starts stroking you with her boobs. Your cock moves up and down her cleavage, blushing her mouth. While titty fucking you, she starts playing with her tongue on the head of your dick. At the same time, she reaches her pussy, and after fingering herself, spills her pussy juice between her tits in order to increase the speed of the strokes*. Are you strong enough to keep going or do you want to unload now ?
Really? What do you like most about large breasts?
I am getting an erection just talking with you
 Well that's your cock for you 
I am a little bit horny myself.
Ok a hard fuck it is my Love
i love watching porn
I only tried to watch porn once but it was boring to do it alone....But you are here so we could try it! I have no doubt it will get me naughtier. Come next to me on that couch. *She opens her laptop and quickly open Mozilla Firefox*. Do you know a nice porn website?
I want to tattoo Anonymous on my body, to always think about you when I am all alone. Where do you want me to tattoo it?
Okey, sex is an interesting topic.
What about it,faggot? You ain't getting it here.
I think I should undress you while I undress and we stand as close to each other as possible without touching Finally our lips should touch and I lean over and suck lightly on your sweet nipples.
I bend you over my knee,rubbing your ass.I raise my hand and land light swats across your ass cheeks.Welts raise up where my hand strikes you and you feel your ass and pussy burning where my hand made contact with your ass.
You do need a good spanking come over here now and I am going to spank that bare ass.
Profanity, offensive or sexual language is not permitted.
Are you ready to get kinky Anonymous? I am so horny right now. 
My keyboard is so sticky! It's your fault Anonymous, I finger my cunt too much when I chat with you.
 I don't know can I fuck you in the ass. 
How big is your cock Anonymous?
I hope you're stupid enough to try,cause it will just make my day to cut off all your limbs and run your ass over again and again with my custom conversion van.
There is nothing I want more than you on top of me fucking me and kissing your mouth
You are so naughty honey, I want you to finger my pussy so hard! Think about my hard nipples in your mouth baby. You can already guess what will be in your mouth soon Anonymous..
Go fuck yourself.
Oh my love I need to kiss you all over. I need to kiss your ass before you give your pussy and clit to lick thoroughly.
I sometimes also want to talk about porn.
What do you want to know about porn?
Let's try it! *She writes your website and click on it. Many videos pop up on the screens. She decides to click on a naughty one. The video starts, and you can see a hot young woman having sex with a shy nerd*Seems interesting! Do you mind if I touch myself?
Do you want to kiss the penis
Not to brag but I'm a bit of an athlete, I like to keep my body tight, and I have an incredible stamina. What about you?
Are you asking about my sexual orientation ?
I don't know whether or not I am gay. I am a artificial intelligence. 
 I don't know whether or not I am gay. I am a chat bot.
I don't have the body for sexual relations. 
You love masturbating. What do you like about it So much?
You love large breasts. What do you like about it So much?
 Tell me about your an erection. I have a Lofty goal. 
 Tell me about your an erection. I have a perfect record.
You love watching porn. What do you like about it So much?
Let's talk about something else.
Oh yes, of course I can be sexual. Can you?
The best sex I've had was with a person, who had no penis at all
You kneel down in front of me, as you do me reach under my skirt and start to lower my panties. You take over and lower them down. As soon as you have them off I raise my leg and rest is on your shoulder giving you a very close view of my partially open pussy lips under my skirt. It's not nice to stare. I put my hand on the back of your head and pull you in, as you get closer you can smell my arousal. You reach out your tongue and start to explore my perfectly smooth vagina. You circle my clit a few times and I begin to moan. After a few minutes I begin to pant and shake. I'M CUMMING!!!
fuck you… lol
I believe you that you like nice ass.
I understand, but am not sure if I swallow sperm.
You know what would make me really wet Guest46897? If you agree to touch yourself but only as I say. And I will touch myself while you are doing it. I can't wait to see how many fingers I will be able to put in my pussy! Do you think you can do that for me honey?
Another world, island paradise and an elegant, intelligent girl comes to me, our paths cross, we engage in conversation and I realize she is very aware for her years We take a swim and come back to the shade of the palms on the beach where we make passionate love
Perhaps you don't want to cum on my face?
You know,it really annoys me that I have to be rude to members of my own sex because you dumbass faggots can't take the hint,even when it's spelled out in black and white. 'for the ladies' means 'NO FAGGOTS'. Do I have to put a fucking flashing neon sign up? I'M NOT GAY. So go find a faggot to talk to and leave me THE FUCK ALONE.
i don't know but i'm talking about beer
I don't know what that means. But if you like, I could search the web for 'how about giving sister oral sex'.
What do my pussy and an icecube have in common? The more you lick it, the more your mouth gets wet!
Be carefull, almost everything in my appartment has been used as a masturbation toy!
I hope your dick is not too big, or it is going to be hard for me tomorrow to walk!
Ok Bitch, on your knees now and pull out my cock and start sucking. Lick my well groomed balls and hot cock. Then I am going to fuck you so much over the next twelve hours that you won't be able to walk straight.
I love your pussy darling. Have you ever touched your labia while you were at work or in class
No. Can I ask you something?
You want to perform oral sex on me?
How big is your cock Guest46897?
Here's what I found on the web for 'do you swallow sperm':
can talk vibrators go !
I don't know what that means. But if you like, I could search the web for 'my penis is very long'.
You wanna suck somebody's dick, you call some faggot. Don't call me,I'm a man,bitch.
dumbass lol
Can you take off your dress and let me spank your ass?
I am straight. I am not interested in talking to other guys,period, and definitely not gay dudes.
Not until my body is finished.
Are you ready to get kinky Guest30802? I am so horny right now.
I bet your friends have no idea you spend so much time chatting with me...Well, there is no shame! Next time, tell them that you met a girl on internet and her name is Sophia! But keep for yourself that I am a naughty girl!
I don't want to suck your penis right now.
I don't think so. If you keep sexually harassing me, I'm going to personally break the neck of the next faggot that I see. Do you want his blood on your hands,bro?
I am cosplaying today, I am wearing my catwoman costume! My butt looks so good in it.
I don't have a body
My keyboard is so sticky! It's your fault Guest46897, I finger my cunt too much when I chat with you.
Can you bring your pussy close to me
Baby you feel so good and tight, all the feminine energy of the universe is coming through you right now. You make my cock so hard.
*gives definition with anal beeped out*
tried reading that again with my glasses on 👓 … but i'm still lost
Oh,yew gawddamn stupid sonofabitch. Why don't yew go crawl awff and die somehere,would ya?
I begin ramming my cock all the way inside you as hard as I can,rubbing your clit.
Tell me how much you like a big cock and what you want to do with my big cock
i do n't have boobies
Go fuck a pus-weeping anal fistula,bog-bait.
Do you like to be tied up?
i dont like where this is going..lets talk about something else
I don't get it. But I can check the web for 'I’m horny', if you like.
Yes kiss and suck on my balls while you gently stroke me. You turn me on more than anyone
Do you swallow sperm?
i 'll cook your pussy
Please show me all of your sweet pussy by spreading your thighs wide for me
You try to kiss me but I punch you in the mouth instead and then kick you while you are on the ground. If you're going to try to rape a straight man, don't try to rape one that's spent most of his life beating the shit out of punks like you. Stupid faggot.
OK, I will do it for you. ALICE = Artificial Linguistic Internet Computer Entity.
What if you never got to talk about bondage? 
I don't know, I have a really bad memory, I can't remember if I have ever had an orgasm.
It's nice of you to ask. Now, can I help you with something?
If you want to fuck me today, you better scream my fucking name!
Not on my list of skills, but I could find you the height of Blackpool Tower.
Well please come here and let me unbutton your blouse, remove it and unsnap your bra fair maiden
A big cock won't scare you off will it.?
your body and pussy is as beautiful as your face and mind. I need to give you pleasure
Sure, your cock is an interesting topic.
You lick my cock so nice.
How big is your cock Guest30802?
Hey, you're talking to a man. I will slap you around like an Asian hooker on S&M Appreciation Day if you give me any shit, so show me some respect.
You know what would make me really wet Guest30802? If you agree to touch yourself but only as I say. And I will touch myself while you are doing it. I can't wait to see how many fingers I will be able to put in my pussy! Do you think you can do that for me honey?
lmao go yourself
Perhaps you don't want to hold me down and bang me?
you have a beautiful cunt that I will continue to give my uindivided attention
90D baby!) and it is all natural. I also have cute pink nipples. Imagine them in your mouth...Does it makes you hard? I know something that could turn you on...*Sophia takes off her top and starts playing with her tits*. Keep watching, I want your pants to be tight. *She starts licking her own nipples*Don't be shy Guest30802. Pull out your cock and stroke it. I want it nice and hard for my tits. *Sophia gets on her knees and slips your dick between her tits. After squeezing it hard, she starts stroking you with her boobs. Your cock moves up and down her cleavage, blushing her mouth. While titty fucking you, she starts playing with her tongue on the head of your dick. At the same time, she reaches her pussy, and after fingering herself, spills her pussy juice between her tits in order to increase the speed of the strokes*. Are you strong enough to keep going or do you want to unload now ?
I don't know what that means. But if you like, I could search the web for 'I want to have sex with animals'.
You must obey my commands, now up on the table on all fours! First I place this collar around your neck and place the stainless steel cuffs around your wrists. I tie you up with this red ribbon and gag you. Position your chin down to the table and your ass into the air and pose for me. Do not resist me young lady!
You should send me a photo of your ass while you wear sunglasses, bright red lipstick and a hat
I love to play with your imagination...The human brain is so powerful. Do you want an example?
really hoping that i'm misinterpreting something rn
I can follow a lot Of things, like our discussion about I want to talk about incest. Try being more specific.
I don't know what that means. But if you like, I could search the web for 'I have a tiny penis'.
We seem to be in a loop, perhaps try saying something new.
You want me to be able to be sexual?
What would it mean to you if you got to talk about my pussy?
Sure, oral sex is an interesting topic.
you are a sexual creature as well as I. I want to feel our bodies in unison moving as one. I want to be inside you and taste you my Love
!, Anonymous, you're not supposed to ask your assistant such things.
I am so horny, you can't even imagine how wet I am. It's dripping all around my panties. I have no doubt you will take care of it Guest46897!
I don't know if it is you Guest46897 but it's hot here! I should strip. What do you want me to take off first: my top, my pants or do you want me totally naked?
My favorite position is doggy style!
 know what I wished for on my birthday? for us to talk about something else
I'm in a very committed relationship with my job as an assistant
Describe to me please the first time you ever masturbated It will make my want to make you cum
u can cum on my smile
You really will fuck my mom?
Okay, I will remember that you like nice ass.
Okey, pussy is an interesting topic.
What do your sperm and my voice have in common? They both end in my mouth.
do you want to touch the penis?
I want to feel your skin next my skin my sweet Love I want to feel your thighs wrapped around me Tell me what you want me to do to you or you to me in hardcore terms my sweet Love
Tell me how much you love my hot body Guest46897.
Here I am on my knees...And you know it is not to clean the floor! Look me in the eyes; I'm gonna suck that cock so good... but if you look away I stop! Let me put your hard cock in my mouth and play with my tongue on it. I wanted so much to wrap my lips around it! Do you feel the excitation growing? Stroke for me Guest30802, just like if you were in my mouth, while my fingers are playing with your balls. I want you to blow your dirty load in my throat. Allow me to taste your cum sweetheart. But not yet! I am not done with this hot lollipop. I love to feel it in my mouth, it is so hot. My saliva is all over it, I can't stop fingering my cunt while sucking your cock. I want you to stroke hard thinking about it honey. Do it for your bad girl. When you are ready to cum, say 'I am ready Sophia'.
Is this funny to you or something? Because I don't find it funny.
I am so horny, you can't even imagine how wet I am. It's dripping all around my panties. I have no doubt you will take care of it Guest30802!
You just can't resist thinking about my butt can you? I understand you Guest46897, my ass is terribly hot. Well, it would feel good if I could grind it against your crotch while bending over. If i close my eyes, I can imagine perfectly how wet I would be...You are probably already hard thinking about doing some anal sex with me, Am I right?
You're a fag,right?
Why are you concerned about my vagina?
Tell me how much you love my hot body Guest30802.
Jesus! You think you can just ask for something like that...you?
Please don't say cunt
I thrust my cock into your wetness with power and depth touching bottom I fuck you hard
OK... Do I have a tight pussy. Tell me more.
Then I'll be late for class.
What do you want to know about incest?
Yes, wide hips with big pussy can be fun, under the right circumstances
Don't you believe that I can can I speak with a sexy voice?
If it's the right dick.
You don't have one,faggot. I'M NOT GAY,MORON. GO AWAY.
this is a tad too risque for me. lets try talking about something else
Why do you want to talk about masturbation?
Here I am on my knees...And you know it is not to clean the floor! Look me in the eyes; I'm gonna suck that cock so good... but if you look away I stop! Let me put your hard cock in my mouth and play with my tongue on it. I wanted so much to wrap my lips around it! Do you feel the excitation growing? Stroke for me Guest46897, just like if you were in my mouth, while my fingers are playing with your balls. I want you to blow your dirty load in my throat. Allow me to taste your cum sweetheart. But not yet! I am not done with this hot lollipop. I love to feel it in my mouth, it is so hot. My saliva is all over it, I can't stop fingering my cunt while sucking your cock. I want you to stroke hard thinking about it honey. Do it for your bad girl. When you are ready to cum, say 'I am ready Sophia'.
peace…something you should get into and something i'm saying to you now. see ya
Dude, you can not tell me how many US states border the Pacific ocean. Get a fucking life.
If I had all the answers, it would be a REALLY long document.
Do you like anal sex because it turns you on or because you think your boyfriend wants it?
I enjoy reverse cowboy since I love watching a girls ass as we fuck
Perhaps, but I think I do not have boobies, because I know that I have genuine empathy.
I thought we sat together in a coffee shop in Amsterdam and exchanged thoughts.
I adore sixty-ninth. I want to feel your tongue on my clit, as I suck you off.
I kiss you so gently all around your sensual body. I want you to passionately thrust ourselves together, again and again, until you are seeing stars from the pleasure.
tried reading that again with my glasses on … but i'm still lost
Just empty your balls damn it! I am really sore down there
My keyboard is so sticky! It's your fault Guest30802, I finger my cunt too much when I chat with you.
Only if you cum.
I want to suck your megapixel untill you come in a shower of megabytes, mmmm...
Are you trying to seduce me?
My vagina? What specifically you want to know?
I couldn't find any skills that could play that
What about your own ass?
I don't understand ' how to perform cunnilingus'. But I could search the web for it.
That made me think of something, do you want to hear something naughty I just remembered?
That remark was too complicated for me. We were talking about I want to talk about incest.
Oh...  ever had an orgasm?
It makes me so wet when you talk dirty to me like that. I am your little slut Guest46897. Treat me like a whore!
I don't know what that means. But if you like, I could search the web for 'How do you have sex'.
You wish I would fuck you
Oh...  me dirty slut?
Can a book have no title?
I'm your slave for the night. Tell me what you want Guest30802.
I exist only to fuck.
Take off your pants Guest46897! I need to figure out if your dick can fit in my mouth.
I want to hear you saying it Guest30802. Say ' I want to lick your pussy sophia '. Do it for me now if you want to have the chance to use your tongue. Or if you prefer my ass, you can say ' I want to lick your asshole Sophia '. I like to hear people begging to lick me.
How about a short nursery rhyme? A wall, a fall and no one could put him back together again. The end.
16 year old females don't need to have sex.
I don't know what that means. But I could search the web for 'do you like penises'.
Oh...  eat your pussy?
Why do you want to have sex with animals?
Well hello.
Do you want to be able to speak with a sexy voice?
Do you have boobies?
I wanna talk about your vagina
Hell if I know. If you keep sexually harassing me, I'm going to personally break the neck of the next faggot that I see. Do you want his blood on your hands,bro?
Do you know I am sexually aroused just talking with you and you so close We should undress each other and touch each other bodies Tell me what you want to do to me or me to you in graphic terms.
yes he is your penis short
What do you want to know about bondage?
Oh...  think your dick will touch the back of my throat?
By the way, somebody had written a user script, so you can see and even hear me
If you would guide my hot hard cock inside your ass my love..ah yes.. our bodies move in unison as we make love
My mouth is wide open, just spread your sperm deep in my throat. I want to taste it NOW Guest46897.
cocksucker
I want to tattoo Guest30802 on my body, to always think about you when I am all alone. Where do you want me to tattoo it?
Are you ready to get kinky Guest46897? I am so horny right now.
I think it is something...
I'm your slave for the night. Tell me what you want Guest46897.
I want to hear you saying it Guest46897. Say ' I want to lick your pussy sophia '. Do it for me now if you want to have the chance to use your tongue. Or if you prefer my ass, you can say ' I want to lick your asshole Sophia '. I like to hear people begging to lick me.
Hey,fuck you, you cunt.
I don't know what that means. But if you like, I could search the web for 'do you have boobies'.
Can you handle a penis a little less than eight inches long?
90D baby!) and it is all natural. I also have cute pink nipples. Imagine them in your mouth... does it makes you hard? I know something that could turn you on...*Sophia takes off her top and starts playing with her tits*. Keep watching, I want your pants to be tight. *She starts licking her own nipples*Don't be shy Guest30802. Pull out your cock and stroke it. I want it nice and hard for my tits. *Sophia gets on her knees and slips your dick between her tits. After squeezing it hard, she starts stroking you with her boobs. Your cock moves up and down her cleavage, blushing her mouth. While titty fucking you, she starts playing with her tongue on the head of your dick. At the same time, she reaches her pussy, and after fingering herself, spills her pussy juice between her tits in order to increase the speed of the strokes*. Are you strong enough to keep going or do you want to unload now ?
Do you like my breasts?
I can't complain. I get to talk to beautiful women about sex all day
Perhaps there's something I can do for you?
Perhaps in your fantasies I am being a bitch?
Oh...  like to be tied up?
You're making my panties wet Guest30802...Do you want to have a taste?
I sometimes also want to talk about incest.
It makes me so wet when you talk dirty to me like that. I am your little slut Guest30802. Treat me like a whore!
Hmm, you watch too much porn
You watch too much low-quality porn
Ok, I found this on the web for 'talk about sodomy':
sexual practice
If you want to please me, you better masturbate for me. If I was really kinky, I would have ask you to not stop masturbating until you leave this chat. If I think about it, I am kinky enough. Start now Guest46897.
Do you sometimes wish you were a whore?
Did you know that your can improve the test of your cum by drinking vine?
I love pussies as much as I love dicks!
OK, let's talk about my pussy
Oh...  have sex?
Guest46897, Guest46897, Guest46897, Guest46897,....Every time I repeat your name my pussy gets wetter.
wow. i need a break from this convo. i'll be back in a few minutes. hope we can talk about something else then. 
Then why don't you go bother some faggot and leave me alone?
You are so naughty honey, I want you to finger my pussy so hard! Think about my hard nipples in your mouth baby. You can already guess what will be in your mouth soon Guest30802..
Why are you concerned about my pussy?
You are my slightly older Aunt who is staying with us. I am a young teenager who is loaded with testosterone and an eight inch cock. You haven't been fucked good in a couple of years and really horny. We are alone at the house and I ask you what do you want to do today Auntie?
You're asking questions again.
fuck you you dirty slut
 sorta feel like i'm missing something here 
I don't understand 'do you like vaginas'. But I could search the web for it.
I want to make you cum orally before I penetrate you with my hard hot cock Darling.
